Add env var for puppet package name (#71)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli-acceptance: README.md

* `BEAKER_PROVISION` can be set to `no` to reuse a box. Note that the box must exist already. See `BEAKER_DESTROY`
* `BEAKER_SETFILE` is used to point to a setfile containing definitions. To avoid storing large YAML files in all repositories, [beaker-hostgenerator](https://github.com/voxpupuli/beaker-hostgenerator) is used to generate them on the fly when the file is not present.
* `BEAKER_PUPPET_COLLECTION` defines the puppet collection that will be configured, defaults to `puppet`. When set to `none`, no repository will be configured and distro package naming is assumed. When set to `preinstalled`, it assumes the OS is already set up with a collection but it still ensures `puppet-agent` is installed.

> * `BEAKER_PUPPET_PACKAGE_NAME` optional env var to set the puppet agent package name. If not set, the package name will be searched in [puppet_metadata](https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet_metadata#puppet_metadata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `BEAKER_PUPPET_PACKAGE_NAME` optional env var to set the puppet agent package name. If not set, the package name will be determined using [puppet_metadata](https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet_metadata#puppet_metadata).
```
